Separate font attribute reporting between speech and braille (#16748)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/changes.md

### New Features

* NVDA can now be configured to report font attributes in speech and braille separately. (#16755)

### Bug Fixes

### Changes for Developers

Please refer to [the developer guide](https://www.nvaccess.org/files/nvda/documentation/developerGuide.html#API) for information on NVDA's API deprecation and removal process.

> * A new configuration key, `documentFormatting.fontAttributeReporting`, has been created. Possible values are:
> 
>   - 0: Off
>   - 1: Speech
>   - 2: Braille
>   - 3: Speech and braille
> 
>   To maintain backwards compatibility, `documentFormatting.reportFontAttributes` is retained until 2025.1, with the following implementation:
> 
>   - `documentFormatting.reportFormatting` will be set to `True` if `documentFormatting.fontAttributeReporting` is set to `SPEECH`, `BRAILLE`, or `SPEECH_AND_BRAILLE`, and `False` if it is set to `OFF`.
>   - `documentFormatting.fontAttributeReporting` will be set to `SPEECH_AND_BRAILLE` if `documentFormatting.reportFontAttributes` is set to `True`, or `OFF` if it is set to `False`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### Deprecations

> * The configuration key `documentFormatting.reportFontAttributes` is deprecated for removal in NVDA 2025.1.

Reviewer: I think this should be sufficient, I don't think we need to cover the upgrade logic here, just what the deprecation and replacement involves.

```suggestion
* The `bool` configuration key `[documentFormatting][reportFontAttributes]` is deprecated for removal in 2025.1, instead use `[fontAttributeReporting]`. (#16748)
  * The new key has an `int` value matching an `OutputMode` `enum` with options for speech, braille, speech and braille and off.
  * API consumers can use the `bool` value as previously, or check the `OutputMode` if handling speech or braille specifically.
  * These keys are currently synchronized until 2025.1.
```

Reviewer: Could you also open an issue to remove the deprecated code and add it to the 2025.1 milestone?
